DOCS-6697 removed requirement for alphanumeric characters (#54)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/layers.adoc

=== Set a Layer with Properties

To automate the classification of nodes into layers, configure the property `anypoint.platform.visualizer.layer=<name>` in the application's properties file. Note that this is an application property, not a server property.

> When this property is used, nodes automatically appear in the specified layer. If the layer doesn't exist, it is created.

Reviewer: active
```suggestion
When you use this property, nodes automatically appear in the specified layer. If the layer doesn't exist, it is created.
```

When this property is used, nodes automatically appear in the specified layer. If the layer doesn't exist it is created.

> [NOTE]

Author: @asimons-mule We have another note very close to this one. Are we able to combine these or remove a Note designation?

Reviewer 2: Good point. The first note: "This is an application property, not a server property" can just become the final sentence of the paragraph above it.
